A handful of utilities for treating grids (possibly structured surfaces)
using unstructured techniques is gathered here as the ugridlib collection.
See the CROSS_SECTIONS and SORT_SURFACE_SLICE as examples of applying
subroutines originated by Scott Thomas for piecing together 2-point line
segments (from slicing operations) into one or more plottable curves.
See also the geomlib collection's nearest-point utilities for the common
structured or unstructured grid cell types.

cutorder.f                Apply to results of CUTSURF (x/y/z/single f only)
cutorder_nf.f             CUTORDER variant for nf surface functions
cutsurf.f                 Cut a structured surface with a specified plane
cutsurf_nf.f              CUTSURF variant for nf surface functions
cutsurfi.f                CUTSURF variant for IBLANKed surfaces
cutsurfi_nf.f             CUTSURFI variant for nf surface functions
cut_triangles.f           Var. of CUTSURF (quads.) for triangulation case
nonlinear_tri_interp.f90  Least squares scheme proposed by Timothy Baker
search_tri_2d.f90         Simple (no search tree) (x,y) triangulation search
solid_angle_tri.f90       Solid angle element at a pt. for a triangle cell
solid_angle_quadrature_3.f90 Quadrature for data on a triangulated surface
tet_coefs.f               Linear coefs. for tetrahedral grid cells
tet_volumes.f90           Volume analogue of TRI_AREAS
triangulate_patches.f     Quads. --> triangles via shortest diagonals
tri_areas.f90             Triangle areas & vertex-surrounding summed areas
tri_centers_to_vertices.f90  Interp. cell-cntrd. fn. vals. to tri. vertices
tri_coefs.f               Linear interpolation coefs. for 3-space triangle
