The aa_nurbs collection (Applied Aerodynamics NURBS software) supplements
the DT_NURBS collection (q.v.) obtained by NASA Ames Research Center from
the David Taylor Naval Research Center in 1993.  These additions facilitate
application of NURBS (nonuniform rational B-spline) curves to airfoil shape
optimization.  See also the BSPROFILE and WINGSECTIONS programs.

bsaf2xy.f   ! Discretize an airfoil given in DT_NURBS B-spline form
bsafgeom.f  ! Determine standard geometric properties of a B-spline airfoil
bsafnorm.f  ! Adjust chord, LE coords., & max. thickness of an airfoil
bsafy4x.f   ! Discretize one surface of a B-spline airfoil at specified Xs
bsarcmap.f  ! B-spline curve arc-length-based mapping of parametric var. T
bsarea.f    ! Calculate the area under a B-spline curve on [XA, XB]
bscrvmod.f  ! Apply shift/scale/rotate/... transforms to a B-spline curve
bscrvrd.f   ! Read 1 B-spline curve of 1 or more in C-array form of DTRDWR
bseval.f    ! Evaluate an XY B-spline curve: Y for given X or vice versa
bsfit.f     ! B-spline curve fit to data pts. in n-space; nonlinear option
bsinsert.f  ! Knot insertion w/ specified multiplicity for a B-spline curve
bszeromn.f  ! Find a B-spline curve zero, minimum, or maximum in some range
conarea.f   ! Find area under a conic arc (rational quadratic Bezier curve)
dtlsa.f     ! Variant of a DT_NURBS weighted linear least squares utility
dtradc.f    ! Variant of a DT_NURBS radius of curvature utility
dtrdwr.f    ! Read or write a B-spline curve in DT_NURBS C-array format
dtsepp.f    ! Variant of a DT_NURBS equispaced-in-T discretization utility
lsknots.f   ! Generate interior knots for a least-sqrs. B-spline curve fit
