Six variants of an Alternating Digital Tree mesh-searching package have
been derived at NASA Ames Research Center from the original implementation
by Edwin van der Weide (Stanford University) which was for a list of
surface quads or triangles.

Initially, the variants all used the same build_adt and search_adt names,
and were maintained in separate subdirectories.

The prospect of installing these and other utilities on a web site prompted
merging of all of the variants into a single module, with generic interfaces
for the build_adt and search_adt versions.  Different argument lists make
this viable in Fortran 90, although the "build" routines for structured and
unstructured volume grids did need an "unused" argument to be added to
distinguish them from their surface grid analogues.

The accompanying applications (around 20 of them) now use this
adt_utilities.f90 module form of ADT searching and interpolation.

The most recent addition to the ADT module is a 2-space multiblock curve
analogue of the multiblock structured surface variant, as needed for the
recent INTSEC2D curve-curve intersection utility and for SURFACE_INTERP_2D.

Please note that the application should still allocate %z(ni,1,1) for each
block or zone, because 3-space bounding boxes are still used internally by
the 2-space curve utilities.

17-Oct-2019  David Saunders  See SEARCH_STRUCTURED_VOLUME_ADT for notes on a
                             work-around for possible matrix singularity.
23-Dec-2019      "     "     Fixed a typo in the singularity diagnostic.
28-Dec-2020      "     "     Print the cell vertices as well, once in a
                             given Newton iteration where the singularity
                             may appear for multiple iterations.

Related Note:

If searching for just the nearest data point (cell centroid?) is considered
good enough, see also the extremely efficient package included here under
the name KDTREE (distance-based searches for nearest neighbor(s) in k
dimensions) for optional use by FLOW_INTERP.  (This is the kdtree2.f90 of
Matthew B. Kennel, Institute for Nonlinear Science, available under the
terms of the Academic Free Software License.)  WARNING:  The FLOW_INTERP
application to lines of sight for radiation calculations has uncovered a
potential weakness near the wind-side shoulder of a capsule at angle of
attack.  Cells towards the outer shock boundary have extreme aspect ratios
and are far from orthogonal to a body-normal line of sight.  The nearest
centroid to a target point within a cell-centered grid (hybrid method 3
of FLOW_INTERP = KDTREE + refinement within best cell) can easily pick a
cell outside the shock envelope for a line of sight point inside the shock.
Only method 1 (pure ADT) is reliable, and now it should produce good
results even for cells with collapsed faces as along Ox in revolved axi-
symmetric 2D flow solutions, and (it is believed) in boundary layer regions
where high cell aspect ratios may also produce matrix singularity.
